today on Nico's kitchen people go he is
a common Korean dish and it's packed
full of flavor we're making my beef
bulgogi
so first thing we're gonna make our
marinade for our beef bulgogi and I love
the flavors in this sweet salty and then
when we grill it later nice smokiness as
well so just into a food processor I'm
gonna be adding in some pears now I'm
just using a normal pair but if you can
get your hands on a nashi pear the ones
that look almost like an apple use them
instead they've got such a wonderful
flavor I'm also gonna be adding in some
chopped onion some garlic cloves for our
sauces I'm just gonna add in a few drops
of sesame oil for some saltiness some
soy sauce I'm also gonna be adding in a
dollop of honey as well and I'm also
gonna be adding in some sake as well
which is a Japanese rice wine you could
just use water as a substitute as well
now we just want to combine this in the
food processor until you can see here
we've got a nice puree now this is
exactly what we're after and the flavors
in here are just incredible so now I've
got my thinly sliced steak here now the
steak I used today the beef was the
porterhouse cut now you can use Scotch
fill it rump the top side it's
completely up to you so what I do to get
a nice even cut on the beef I just pop
it into the freezer just for a couple of
hours and it just makes it so much
easier to cut through and get a nice
even cut so now just pour over that
puréed mixture onto the beef and just
mix the beef around get it all nicely
coated so we're gonna pop this into the
fridge now and marinate it for at least
one hour but preferably you would do
this overnight now another little tip
you can make this ahead of time you
could pop this into a ziploc bag and put
it in the freezer and then you can just
bring it out when you want to use it
over a high heat on the stove or
barbecue place beef in and sear you want
a nice caramelization on the beef and
cook in batches for only one to two
minutes
serve with rice or kimchi and sprinkle
some sesame seeds over the beef to serve
and now let's get stuck into this bad
boy
so I just love this dish when we have it
quite often because it is just packed
full of flavor from top to bottom
and we serve it up with some rice you
can serve it up with some kimchi if you
want to do but we love it with rice we
soaked up all those beautiful juices
from that marinade that we had that we
made before that soaked them to be fair
but anything guys please give this a try
it is truly one of those dishes where
you eat it and you just sit back and go
the flavors here are just wonderful and
it becomes one of the staples in the
family I'm gonna guarantee it that you
will have this more than once it's cheap
to do easy to put together and very very
easy to make give this one a try you're
going to absolutely love it